Well speaking of that, let's now use that model.
We're exporting it here,
let's now use it in the feed controller.
There we first of all need to import it,
so here I'll import post by requiring it from my models folder from the post file
and now we can use that post model in create post after we validated the input here.
There I will create a new post with my post model as a constructor,
we pass a javascript object and there we define basically what we do down there, so we can cut that and
move it up here,
I don't need to set createdAt because mongoose will do that for me
thanks to that timestamps option we set here
and of course I don't need to set _id because mongoose will create that for me as well.
Title and content should be passed and the creator as well for the moment.
So now you'll learn that we can just call save on the model to save it to the database
and this will give us a promise or a promise-like object where we can catch any errors
and here I will log the error for now,
we'll later add real error handling of course and I get a result which I also want to log here
and I will also send my response, whoops, in here, in the then block I'll send a response, 201 is the
status code,
the post object here however will be the result object
I get back here because that should be my created post.
If we now save that server side code and we go back to our frontend application, we should need to change
anything in our react code
instead we can just try this,
does this work?
Let's choose an image, upload
still does not work, we'll do this later, checking it
and this seems to fail.
If we go back, I see path image url is required
which makes sense because in my model, I set image url as a required property,
so in my feed controller when I create a new post, I should also add an image url here
and for now that can point to images duck.jpg, we'll later add file upload
as I mentioned. So my mistake, we should add this on the server side, make sure we store an image url
so that we meet the requirements of our model
and now let's try this again.
Does that work?
Take the duck, enter some content, click accept, this looks good
post created successfully
and there we see indeed
this is the data or the post which was stored with the creator, the content, this automatically generated
createdAt and updatedAt timestamp thanks to the timestamps option and the automatically generated ID.
So that is working
and on the server side, I'll also get no error,
I only see that created object being printed
thanks to that console log.
So that is working fine and
now as a next step we can work on serving that image and on accepting image uploads and on handling
that error.